Hair growth
To introduce this time, Bob is using it when he does not go to work
Stay example is a headset
bluetooth stereo headset
Enjoy music playback of the fan's free calls and powerful
Of course it is a studio type
It looks like this
Do you know whether to change clothes or in the room led good
live a
It's basically this middle
The monk goes to
Regeneration
Is a stop
And bad I think in you put a floor
This ne
This is a replay
Yes here
Plush I and negative volume
This is good
It is a front song in it is skip skip the next song
With one feature
I can not break
Like this
I can make it
Do not hide
In the size that enters any bag
It is approximately 10m
The distance is about
But depends on the use environment, which say that 10 years about
Two team battery rechargeable at 10 meters or this usb cable ne
This is what I use
Aipton
It's plugged in you can even from underneath of course the PC can charge
2 and Whoo
th
mac for Ya
I guess let's habitat Well then another possible connection
OK
I will turn on I will not be connected
The sound of this power in the middle is also about 3 seconds play button and stop button
I will keep it for a long time
than say b
p
It's a pairing, and the cart is here and here
I already have it but I do
One excisable It remembers well with this
I will try to see how much music will be if it can be used in
It will be fine
And it is very convenient after hands free
But Ato
I 'm sorry I'm leaking
So game machine or God is around Jesus at high volume
After in
This now little me just as it is well
I can not plate the end a little bit, but here's the usb terminal mini s dick
Hmm
I put it in, but it is this baby chest
This cover
this
Because this tower is
It does not fit well
It's Tan I first Hama
At all
Nice nails ass sometimes
Still you'd seen that those that can be used in this is also the book of I siri
Of course you can do skype
And the model number is mnb ts 124
I am satisfied
Is
was
uh
Yeah Eeeeee